From kmanning@WPI.EDU Sun Sep 19 19:14:12 1999
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 1999 13:44:49 -0400 (EDT)
From: Kate Manning <kmanning@WPI.EDU>
To: Alpha Phi Omega <apo@WPI.EDU>
Subject: Presidential Nomination

	I am sending this email in regard to the nomiation for President
of Alpha Phi Omega, Omicron Iota chapter. I would like to nominate Jimmy
Carson Cook for the position. Already having served as the Spring '99
Pledge Class President, I believe that Jimmy has an acceptable amount of
experience with the Alpha Phi Omega Brotherhood, the ideals held by Alpha
Phi Omega, and the responsibilities that come with such a position. As
someone who has worked closely with Jimmy as the Pledge Class Secretary, I
believe that I am in an appropriate position to nomiate him for President
of APO. Because Jimmmy is relatively new in APO, he is not involved in any
of the poor politics which have become such an apparent problem in the
executive branch of APO. He is a new, socially unincumbered personality
who will be able to stay on track without getting distracted by futile
details. There are no personal issues which could make him lose focus of
APO, it's goals, and it's brotherhood. Also an active brother of Phi Sigma
Kappa, Jimmy is not only familiar with the protocol in such an
organization, but also has gained connections around campus and throughout
different organizations. I believe it is important to have a president who
is familiar with the Greek community on campus, so that we can work with
the other organizations in service to become that much stronger and
improve APO's image on campus and in the community. Jimmy Carson Cook is
an individual with the qualities one needs to hold such a position. He
lives the values held by APO - an excellent example for brothers and
pledges alike. His focus, unbiased persona, and ability to work with
people all work together to make him a very strong candidate for
Presidency of Alpha Phi Omega, Omicron Iota chapter.
Thank you for your time, 
Kate Manning


  
  




